docs: transforms updates (#69037)
metabase/metabase: docs/data-modeling/model-persistence.md

# Model persistence

> > Consider using [Transforms](../data-studio/transforms/transforms-overview.md) instead of model persistence. Model persistence remains supported for now, but it will be deprecated in future versions of Metabase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Prefer [Transforms](../data-studio/transforms/transforms-overview.md) instead of model persistence. Model persistence remains supported for now, but it will be deprecated in future versions of Metabase.
```
Somewhat more forceful.
